1.70c fixes: Ulthuan's Summon Lesser Great Eagles was borked, adjusted slave giant hp and rp upward
Changes to Skrag's name to be less confusing for other players
-- VERSION 1.7 --
Tomb Kings:
Double summon allies amt - done
Add montag for spearmen and archer - done
All Tribute costs decreased by 200, to a minimum of 1000
Also take aoes down a notch? Didn’t finish doing resilience’s AOE on Strength one - done
Playtest immortals - done, changed spell from 1 for 3 gems to 2 for 5
Change graphics for buffs - done
Resilience and the other TK buffs should be limited to TK - done
Other Changes:
Started doing proper version control on main file
Remove Tzeentch bless items and spells, let them use normal blessings on their commanders - done but left the blessings in, might want to make uncastable or rework commander paths
Add recuperation to immortal commanders - done
Check Slaanesh, Tzeentch, Nurgle mage costs re each other and vanilla - Slaanesh’s likely too cheap - done
Rebalanced Chaos nations' sorc lineup, all have proper chaosrec now, sorc lords have H3, exalted sorcs have H2
Also sorcs recosted, mostly increased in cost. Tzeentch's paths got more random.
Nurgle and Tzeentch custom blessings/icons replaced with normal blessings
Removed diseaseres from High Elves, was weird and buffed them massively against Nurgle
Increased cost of Loremaster of Hoeth from 460 to 600
Changed Nuln nation ID to not conflict with Nurgle
Tomb Kings Porting Checklist:
Check Nehekharan shield, seems to be giving body prot - done, just inspector
Make mindless - done
Resilience+Strength of the Tomb, remove copied effects and just make it work - done
Add recpoints for units and commanders, tends to be 2-3 more than 9 for each gold over 10 on human nations - done
Mounted units price decrease - done
Check custom pretenders for cost - done
Look at iron armor/weapons esp. on amphib units - good for now
Check cap site sprites and cap gem income - high income but probably intentional
Mapmove convert - good for now
Check that name reflects faction - yeah, good for now
Check immortality, default reform time is 3 months - done
Look at forts, consider era - done
Look at modded onebattlespells (don’t work any more) - done
Look at copyspells that used IDs (might have changed) - done
Check woundfend, works differently now - done
Check ranged weapons that might have extra dmg, now add 33% strength - done
Bows and crossbows have +5 range in Dom5, slings have +10 so add when relevant - done
Small bow is short bow now - done
(Spell effects in the starter pack are triggered with #effect, spec vals with #spec. #damage is the tricky one - look in spell effects file for the particular damage, you should see it. Lets you do particular buff or damage types. None of the above should have changed in Dom5.)
Check #uwunit and #uwcom, #uwrec now - done
Remove reclimits - done
Replace 99% magic paths with 100 - done
Replace gimmicky "dodge" and "deflect" shields with airshield - done
Formationfighter update - done
Decrease weapon lengths for Dom5 - done
Swords have +1 att/def now, 2-handed do +25% strength - done
Delete unnecessary weapon/armor IDs - done
Also give them reinvig/diseaseres, make morale 30 and check MR - done
Give at least 1 homerealm, preferably 2 - done
Check for weird shit like recruitable units with cursed items - done
Check item prices in general - done

-- VERSION 1.6 --
Misc Changes:
Nation site icons fixed, no more generic mountains for everyone
Homerealms added for every nation, should have good choices

Lizardmen Changes: 
Fixed Saurus w/sword, was using wrong weapon
Gave most lizards swimming
Gave skink priest inept researcher 4
Reduced Saurus Oldblood to 1 recpoint
Increased Saurus Scar Veteran to 60 leadership
Skinks now size 2
General increase in Saurus size?
Slann mapmove 10 -> 8 for being slow bastards
Changed from MA to LA forts, 30% extra cost from 50%
Saurus cav get the hp and prot of the Saurus, cost 45, rp 40
Skink and cav combat speeds changed, generally -2

HIGH ELVES PORT
Note: spearman and archer (7500 and 7501) used for copystats mixed up
Check flag - meh, it's fine
Check immortality - done
Look at forts, consider era - it's LA standard
Check modded onebattlespells - done
Check UW vals - none
Check ranged weapons for extra dmg - done
Check spell and effect vals, some will likely have changed - basically done
Look at iron armor/weapons - no amphib units
Remove reclimits - done
Mapmove convert - done
Replaced a few 99% magic paths with 100, it was just a gimmick from Dom3
Replaced gimmicky "dodge" and "deflect" shields with airshield
Formationfighter updated to work in Dom5, works for inf and cav
Decreased weapon lengths for Dom5
Deleted unnecessary weapon IDs
Toned Apotheosis down
Add recpoints for units - done
Mounted units price decrease - not quite porting, but done
Enchantments aren't changed by Domingler, find with #damage (ench #)

Spells need a look - Shield of Saphery is weird, Soul Quench and Drain Magic don't show in inspector
Reduce gold costs, have high recpoints?

VERSION 1.5:
Removed numbers from all weapons + armor unless necessary to improve compatibility
Added Chaos Spear for the Tzeentch chaos lord, seemed OP with a daemonic weapon
Removed Auro of Nurgle from their more powerful Beastmen
Fixed Bile Troll's Rusted Cleaver
Nerfs to Furies - strength 10 -> 9
Seeker def decreased by 1, spell summmons 3 for 18 slaves instead of 4 for 28, B2
Fiend def increased by from 17 to 18, speed decreased from 30 to 26
Minor buffs to mapmove on Slaaneshi steeds, generally 24 -> 26

VERSION 1.4:
Added Chaos Dwarfs!
 Changed in-game name to "Chaos Dwarfs"
 Added Master Daemonsmith pretender - solid rainbow chassis
 Buffed infernal guard: made sacred, reclimit 1->2
 Buffed slave giant (same changes as to Ogre Kingdoms' slave giant)
 Changed cap income to 2 fire, 1 earth, 1 death, and 3 blood
 Slave cost increased from 5 to 6, slave upkeep added at roughly half value, rpcost 9->6
 Added a slave contract weapon, "Varies", for cosmetic reasons
 Daemonsmiths provide 30 resources, up from 20
 Blunderbuss range 8->12 and damage 6->8, cost 20->22 and rescost 23->25

VERSION 1.35:
Added Ogre Kingdoms!
--	Changed in-game name from "Goldtooth Tribe" to "Ogre Kingdoms"
Added a god: Facet of the Maw. Based on Dom3+4 Facet of the Maw summon - B2N1 immobile
 Added some events revolving around a new site - a smaller version of the Maw Pit
--	  10% chance of spawning the Pit in a fort, it allows recruitment of Pitfighters and gives 3 slaves/turn
   Other events for destroying it when an enemy takes the fort, and a 25% chance of reopening/turn if retaken
 Forts 50% more expensive, not 100
 Pitfighters otherwise cap-only and description updated
--	Reduced unit costs across the board - basic ogre is now 25 gold, not 30
--	Added snowmove and increased coldres to 5 on most units
--	Removed ambidextrous from most units to reduce clutter, compensated stat-wise
 Increased gem income to standard for MA (2 blood slaves = 1 gem)
--	Increased starting army size from 12 to 20
 Reworked research levels to be more spread out, correspond more to power level
 Reduced AoE of minor gut magics, slightly increased that of the stoneskin buff
--	Buffed slave giant (300->200 gold, 5->10 fear, removed cap-only limit, increased siege bonus)
 Buffed Mawgut and Mawfiend - less popkill and recuperation on the first, blood vengeance and another claw on the second
--	Minor fixes:
--	 No Ogre Tyrant helmet, less ammo on Harpoon, mawtribe +morale, fixed slave giant helmet, fixed costs
Added more pretenders to Ogre Kingdoms and Skaven selection

VERSION 1.3:
Added Skaven!
  Small bugfixes on their pretenders (minor cost changes mostly, fixed slots on the Pillar)
  Decreased chances of warpstone seam events - they were too damaging
Added Lizardmen!
   Changed their in-game name to 'Lizardmen' (was Itza) and fixed a crash caused by a typo

--VERSION 1.26: 
Nurgle Daemon Prince sprite fixes - head looks better, less janky
Added Nurgle Daemon Prince summon, Great Unclean One now Conj 9
Overhauled Great Unclean One - new magic paths
Increased magic on Tzeentch Daemon Prince summon
Changed some research levels and magic path reqs for greater Tzeentch and Nurgle summons
Tzeentch+Nurgle priest rework - exalted champ and lord now have holy levels.
Event Rework - sorc unit spawns are now forsaken, no culting other Chaos factions, 1 spawn/event, worse spawns
  No chaos req, but lowered event chances and higher unrest req
  Increased PD limit to stop cultist events - now 20 PD for SL and TZ and 25 for NU
Forsaken are now non-recruitable
Increased disease-on-death aura from 1 to 2 on Plaguebearers, removed it from Chosen+Nurglings.
Removed AP attacks on Daemonic weapons, added slight stat boosts
Removed Azazel's claws, Keeper of Secrets' head slot
Fleshy Abundance pathcost lowered to D2N1
Removed Tz/Nu out-of-cap cultists
Gave champs, exalted champs and lords some undead/demon leadership
Added recup to Lord of Change, removed it from Exalted Daemon
Bile trolls have 15% regen instead of 5, use normal chaos sword, 24 recpoints from 48

--VERSION 1.25: Description changes, wastesurvival, snowmove and some Daemon work
--Changed descriptions to be much clearer about nation capabilities
--Removed mountain survival from most human units - waste survival is enough, and Chaos moves slowly
--Eliminated most Nurgle invuln, compensated with more health and some regen on greater daemons
--Lowered Tzeentch invuln values on lesser daemons and chosen by 5; raised by 5 on chaos lord and daemon prince
--Added wastesurvival and snowmove to most daemons, they won't slow the armies any more
--Added recuperation to most heroes and all Nurgle daemons
--Changes to latehero values - some had latehero added, some minor adjustments to keep early expansion balanced
--Limited sailing - now marauder chieftains are limited to 40 size 2 guys
--Removed pillage bonus from forsaken - they're too crazy to do much of anything effectively
--Misc changes to beastmen prot values - gors generally went from 4 to 6
--Slight nerf to Tzeentch summon screamer spell - 8 instead of 9 units

--VERSION 1.21: Nurgle Aura Fix
--Now Nurgle's disease auras are negated by an easy MR check. Keeps armies from always getting diseased after a single battle with Nurgle
--Also, fixed Tzeentch's Greater Aura - wasn't working
--Couple misc changes

VERSION 1.2: Bugs and Balancings
--Fixed events - cult form events require a cultist, 40 unrest and chaos 1. 40% chance for SL, 20% for TZ and NU
NU reqs 50 unrest, chaos 1, magic 1, 50 unrest more powerful event
Chosen lords can ascend to daemonhood or descend to spawndom - except Nurgle. Might add later
1/3 chance of daemonhood, 5% chance per turn, no special reqs
--Gave snowmove to all human units (no daemons, beastmen, or forsaken)
--Removed numerous sprites from the WH sprite folder, for space
--Removed prophetshapes on champ and exalted champ as too gimmicky - lords still turn into chosen lords.
--Added poor magic leadership to cultist so they can lead the event monsters
--Cost adjustments to sorc lineups, minor increased costs for Slaanesh cultist
--Weapon rebalancing: Chaos Warhammer +1 att and dmg, -1 res, Chaos Flail +1 def and dmg, -1 res
--Tzeentch's weapon IDs moved for vanilla compatibility
--One-handed flail removed - replaced with vanilla morningstar or chaos flail where appropriate
--Starting armies reduced from 30 marauders to 25
--Fixed description for Spawns to fit them coming from the cult event
--Lowered stupid levels of poisonres for Nurgle. They can still tank basically all poison.
--Standardized some unit names between factions
--Decreased health of Keeper of Secrets from 132 to 92 and increased Great Unclean One's from 105 to 115
--Fixed description on Daemon Princess to accomodate male lords becoming her
--Swapped chaos lord sprite with chosen chaos lord - now the chosen has the more impressive mount
--Poisonres removed from most of Tzeentch and Slaanesh's daemons - didn't seem justified
--Keeper of Secrets lost 2 points of death magic, still has a death random
--Removed Banquet of Slaan spell - may reintroduce later after testing
--New chosen lord of Nurgle sprite - he's big! Gained 6 health, lost mounted and trample (now on foot). Thanks Frosty!
--Nurgle and Tzeentch lord lineup modified - more autocost on commanders, fewer dumb starting armor items

VERSION 1.1: Nurgle Added
Weapon lengths decreased for Nurgle and a few that I missed for Tzeentch, added some iron weapons
Mapmove and recpoint values added to Nurgle, some tinkering with mapmove vals in Slaan and Tzeentch
Copyspell and onebattlespell values fixed
Descr fixed and checked for UW lines
Removed reclimits except on foreignrec marauders
Fixed some minor bugs
Adjusted rpcost of forsaken and minotaurs of all chaos nations
Adjusted armored guy lineup to have less mapmove - base 14, maybe more for coms
Made Bray-Shamans holy
Allowed most forged items to be picked up, except chaos armor and icons of each Chaos God.

VERSION 1.0: Dom 5 Conversion
Added Slaanesh and Tzeentch
Removed reclimits on all units except Forsaken
Added recpoints for units (they're all multiples of 3, because why not?)
Check immortality command - done.
Mapmove convert - done.
Also look at iron armor/weapons - done.
Look at forts, consider making era 1 - done.
Check ranged weapons - done.
Check spell and effect vals, some will likely have changed - Slaanesh done, double-check Tzeentch.
Check UW vals - done.
Check modded onebattlespells - done.
Descr doesn't need double breaks - done.
Mounted units price decrease - good for now.
Check flag - done.
Decreased  weapon lengths by 1
Two-handed do a bit more damage now, maybe compensate - done.
Fixed bugged Tzeentch warrior axe
Changed Tzeentch Daemon Prince's halberd to 3 attacks from 1
Deleted Tzeentch warhound and had it use Slaanesh version w/Khorne sprite


VERSION .91 , .92 and .93
(Not an exhaustive list, I likely missed a few things)
Various bugfixes
Added better daemonic names to Tzeentch, Nurgle and Khorne
Added #latehero of various times to Slaanesh and Tzeetch's heroes
Nerfed some of these heroes when OP
Commented out mercs - they're not working at all right now.
Decreased cost of Greater Tribute to Order to 1400


VERSION .8
Llama's new Tomb Kings and Vampire Counts are in!
Fixed bugs in Vampire Counts as reported on the forums
Added domunrest 2 to VC because Llama definitely wants domunrest but forgot to add it.
2 is a placeholder, seems reasonable but we'll see.
Also fixed some miscellaneous bugs.


VERSION .72 (.71 was Slaanesh changes)
Nurgle's diseaseres completely redone. Most humans now have some disease vulnerability, but daemons are immune.
	Previously, some humans were immune, some humans and most daemons had low or no diseaseres.
	UPDATE: Doh. Daemons had no diseaseres because they aren't affected by disease. Re-removed it.
Nurgle and Tzeentch sorcerers autocalced from 125 gold, also removed adept researcher.

VERSION .70 - Still JoanSam
Lots more miscellaneous changes...woundfend fixes for orcs and...maybe some wood elves? Set the value to 50,
   since there's no way to know what they wanted. Thought I had already done these a while ago...maybe I lost the version somewhere.
   Yeah, just lots of miscellaneous bug fixes highlighted by the inspector. The errors it shows now should just be new modding commands.
Wood Elf multihero crash should be fixed. The multiheroes were just copystats of other units, 
   so they were deleted and the units themselves are now recruitable and multiheroes.
Updated Dark Elves and High Elves to Deathjester's recent versions.
Slaanesh changes in their own changelog.
Chaos weaponry and armor standardized, condensed to Slaanesh versions where possible. This changes a LOT.
Costs changed for Chaos Warriors (20 -> 30), Chaos Knights (50 -> 60) and Chosen (50 -> 65, Slaanesh 60 cause they have no special abilities.)
Empire full plate removed, replaced with vanilla full plate. Vanilla plate has 2 more enc but is 5 res cheaper.
Skaven Moulder Packmaster now summons 3 rats instead of 9 rats and 3 Maharishi...no idea why that was happening.
Skaven starting army was 60 slaves and 30 clanrats, now 30 and 20 respectively.
Crashes caused by Dark Elf flag and initiate and High Elf flag, archer, and spearman sprites fixed.
Screamers summon spell now summons 9 instead of 10 screamers, they also have non-AP weapons now.
Chaos battleaxe (used by Tzeentch's shieldless Chosen) no longer AP but has 2 attacks, res cost increased by 1.
TK skeletons commented out, normal skellies should be summoned from now on.
Flames of Tzeentch no longer AoE 1, now single target. Flames and Lightning have 20 ammo from 50.
Bite attack removed from Chaos Furies of Tzeentch and Nurgle.


VERSION .62
JoanSam's Slaanesh changes detailed in the relevant section of the .dm
Also removed the 'warhorse hoof' weapon and just replaced them with hooves. Only did 1 more damage anyway.

Courtesy of Zonk:
* All fixed cost pretenders switched to autocalc+0 and #cheapgod20. 
Many will need cost adjustements to account for abilities autocalc can't account for, such as #onebattlespell, but it's a start. Please report any unreasonable costs.
* Pretenders with MR < 18 and morale < 30 raised to that, except for Avatar of Horus who only got MR 14->16 (still fits his description, but less crippling)
* #makemonsterX -> #makemonstersX (so commanders meant to summon allies actually can)
* Skaven #cavenation 2 (will always start in caves in possible, previously it was 1 so 'can start in caves')
* Removed many obsolete or redundant pretenders, commands and comments, Orcs' Warpaint and Shadow King's Stone 'armor' (they did nothing, so waste of slots).
* Enabled pretenders for 
Wood Elves : Irminsul, Nature Dragon, Lord of the Wild, Volla of the Bountiful Forest, Idol of Beasts, Bitch Queen
Sylvania : Fountain of Blood, Vampire Queen, Demilich, Prince of Death, Statue of the Underworld, Master Lich, Dracolich, Raven of 
the Underworld, Linnormr, Bog Mummy, Frost Father, Bitch Queen, Ghost King
Tomb Kings : Master Lich, Demilich, Lich Queen, Prince of Death, Ghost King, Neter of the Underworld, Statue of the Underworld, Sphinx
* Light Wizard Lord: healer 20->2

VERSION .61

(Slaanesh changes in the relevant section of the .dm, this was 1.05 I believe) - JoanSam

Zonk:

NULN & ALTDORF
* Priest MR: Initiate of Sigmar 10->13, Warrior Priest 10->14, Arch Lector 10->15

* Flagellant: mor 30->20 (30 means they completely ignore morale effects even when not berserk, which seems excessive)

* Arch Lector MR 10->15 (+1 over Warrior Priest)

* Jade Wizard healer 20->2 & springpower 1->10, Jade Wizard Lord healer 60->5 & springpower 50->25 (healer was % to heal troops in province in Dom3, springpower is a negative -% HP in fall so more isn't always better)

* Removed obsolete lines in .dm referencing Dom3 forts

* Extra blank lines in #summary so it formats properly.

* Altdorf can now recruit the correct units

? Warrior Priest has two costs (100 in recruited form, 80 in tranformed). Inteded, to have a lower upkeep, or to give lower upkeep, or mistake?

? Moot Militia: Uses Short Bows, size 1 units usually use Small Bows instead. This would be a huge nerf however (damage 9->6, range 30->20, ammo 12->8) and make them nearly useless.

? The stronger forestshape of Amber Wizards does not have separate Altdorf & Nuln versions, and so always turns back to the Nuln one. This can be fixed by creating a new unit, or we can accept the 10 gold difference and save an unit ID.


VERSION .60 -JoanSam
Slaanesh changes in changelog
Orcs - Added Face of Mork - same sprite as Face of Gork, but now Morka doesn't have to worship Gork.
Chaos - Chosen of Tzeentch and Nurgle reclimit 5 removed. Gold cost decreased from 60 to 50.